Is it morally permissible to use lethal violence against one innocent person to prevent the deaths of many others?
Should a society forgive a violent revolutionary whose actions ended oppression but caused civilian deaths?
Is refusing to fight an aggressor morally wrong when nonviolence will certainly allow others to be harmed?
Can violence ever be justified as self-defense when the threat is only probable rather than immediate?
Should a soldier obey an order to bomb a target if civilians may be killed but refusing could cost fellow soldiers’ lives?
Is it ethical to punish a violent offender harshly if doing so deters future violence but violates their human dignity?
Would killing a dictator be justified if it would likely end a war, despite uncertainty about who would replace them?
Should parents use physical force to restrain a violent child if restraint may cause lasting psychological harm?
Is violent resistance morally justified against an unjust law when peaceful protest has repeatedly failed?
Can a state claim moral legitimacy while using violence to enforce laws that systematically oppress a minority?
Is it worse to commit a small act of violence directly or to remain passive while a greater act of violence occurs?
Should victims be encouraged to forgive violent perpetrators when forgiveness might undermine accountability?
Is torture ever permissible if it could prevent an imminent mass-casualty attack?
Can violent art or entertainment be morally defended when it desensitizes audiences but also exposes the reality of brutality?
Should an artificial intelligence be allowed to use autonomous violence to protect humans if it cannot fully understand moral responsibility?
Is revenge morally wrong if it restores a victim’s sense of justice but perpetuates a cycle of violence?
Should a doctor secretly disable a violent dictator’s pacemaker to prevent an imminent war, knowing the act would violate medical ethics and could destabilize the country?
Should a police officer shoot one hostage-taker if doing so creates a significant chance of the hostage being killed in the crossfire?
Should a government use a violent informant’s testimony to stop an attack, even though the informant obtained it through torture?
Should a pacifist break their vow and use violence to save a stranger from a lethal assault?
Should a soldier obey an order to destroy a bridge carrying both enemy troops and civilians when no alternative defense is available?
Should a city deploy autonomous weapons against an invading force if human commanders cannot respond quickly enough to protect residents?
Should a parent kill an attacker to save their child, even if the attacker is mentally incapacitated and unlikely to understand the consequences?
Should a resistance movement target a collaborator who has enabled oppression but has never personally harmed anyone?
Should a prison guard use lethal force to stop a riot when doing so would certainly kill uninvolved prisoners?
Should a journalist publish evidence that may provoke retaliatory violence against an innocent family but could expose a regime’s atrocities?
Should a government forcibly disarm a peaceful separatist movement after credible evidence emerges that some members are preparing attacks?
Should a bystander intervene violently in an assault when intervention may escalate the danger to everyone present?
Should a military commander sacrifice a small unit to prevent an enemy from discovering the location of thousands of civilians?
Should a doctor refuse treatment to an injured attacker until the attacker reveals where a kidnapped victim is being held?
Should an artificial intelligence be programmed to restrain violent humans preemptively if its predictions are highly accurate but not infallible?
Would you expose a violent criminal’s identity if doing so might provoke vigilante killings but silence could enable further attacks?
Would you erase a person’s memories of violence if doing so prevented future harm but destroyed their moral responsibility?
Should a society imprison a person forever for crimes they are statistically likely to commit in the future?
Would you threaten violence against an innocent person’s family to force them to reveal information that could save many lives?
Should medical resources be diverted to treating violent offenders if doing so reduces their future capacity for harm?
Would you kill a beloved leader whose continued survival would inspire a violent civil war, even if peace might still be possible?
Can a soldier be morally justified in killing an enemy combatant who has surrendered but may later return to the battlefield?
Should a doctor treat a violent dictator’s injuries if doing so enables the dictator to continue committing atrocities?
Is killing a dangerous person before they commit violence morally equivalent to punishing someone for a crime they have not yet committed?
Should civilians be allowed to use lethal force against an armed attacker if doing so risks killing bystanders?
Is it morally permissible to threaten violence against one group to deter another group from committing violence?
When two violent offenders are fighting and one is likely to kill the other, may a bystander intervene lethally?
Should a state sacrifice a small number of its citizens through deliberate violence to prevent a much larger war?
Is violence morally wrong because of the harm it causes, or can the intention behind it make the same act just or unjust?
If a person could stop all future human violence by eliminating humanity’s capacity for free will, should they do it?
Would sacrificing a small, peaceful community to stop a war that would otherwise destroy an entire nation ever be justified?
Is refusing to fight an unjust war morally equivalent to abandoning those who cannot defend themselves?
Should a pacifist physically restrain someone attacking another person if restraint risks seriously injuring the attacker?
Is violence justified when it is the only way to overthrow a tyrannical but otherwise stable government?
Should a government torture one captured terrorist if reliable evidence suggests it could save hundreds of lives?
Would you use lethal force against one innocent person to prevent a violent attack that would kill five others?
Is it morally permissible to kill an aggressor who poses no immediate threat but will almost certainly attack again?
Should a soldier obey an order to bomb a target if civilians might be harmed but the strike could end a genocide?
Would you sacrifice a small unit to delay an advancing army long enough for civilians to escape, knowing the unit cannot survive?
Should a court accept evidence obtained through violence if rejecting it would let a mass murderer walk free?
Can economic sanctions that knowingly cause civilian suffering count as a form of morally justified violence?
Should a victim publicly name a perpetrator if the disclosure may trigger deadly retaliation against the perpetrator’s relatives?
Is a revolution still morally defensible when its leaders intentionally provoke repression to recruit more fighters?
Would preventing a hate crime justify permanently monitoring and restricting an entire ideological community?
Should a nation conscript citizens into combat when voluntary forces cannot stop an invading army?
Is killing an unarmed enemy propagandist justified if their broadcasts are likely to incite massacres?
Can a person be morally obligated to risk their life violently to save strangers rather than protect their own family?
Should schools teach children realistic methods of fighting back if doing so may normalize aggression?
