Is it worse to let one person die or to kill one person to save five?
Do you tell the truth if it destroys someone's happiness?
Should a doctor save the patient who can pay over the one who can't?
Is a lie told to protect feelings still a lie?
Do you have a duty to rescue a stranger in danger?
Would you steal medicine to save a family member?
Is it fair to sacrifice one for the many?
Should children be told the truth about Santa?
Do you return a wallet full of cash or keep it?
Would you report a friend's crime to the police?
Is it morally acceptable to eat meat?
Should healthcare be rationed during shortages?
Do you help a friend move even if you hate moving?
Would you give up your seat on a crowded bus to someone else?
Is it okay to prioritize your own needs over others?
Should we intervene in other countries' wars?
Do you forgive someone who never apologizes?
Would you donate a kidney to a stranger?
Is it wrong to enjoy luxury while others suffer?
Should prisoners be allowed to vote?
Do you recycle even when it's inconvenient?
Would you adopt a child of a different race?
Is it ethical to use animals for research?
Should the wealthy be taxed more heavily?
Do you speak up when someone tells a hurtful joke?
Would you lie on a job application?
Is it okay to feel relief when an enemy suffers?
Should parents be allowed to choose their child's sex?
Do you apologize when you know you're right?
Would you save a drowning dog even if it's illegal?
Is it morally acceptable to be wealthy?
Should we help refugees even if it threatens our safety?
Do you forgive yourself for past mistakes?
Would you donate your body to science?
Is it wrong to not vote in elections?
Should people be required to serve in the military?
Do you help a family member who's made bad choices?
Would you break the law to protest an unjust law?
Is it okay to judge someone based on their beliefs?
Should children be allowed to decide which parent to live with?
Do you donate to charity when you can afford to?
Would you clone a deceased loved one?
Is it acceptable to use animals for entertainment?
Should drug addicts be treated or jailed?
Do you confront someone who's being bullied?
Would you fake your own death?
Is it morally wrong to have children?
Should we colonize other planets?
Do you forgive a debt that you're owed?
Would you kill an intruder in your home?
Is it okay to feel hatred toward someone?
Should prisoners be forced to work?
Do you honor a promise made under duress?
Would you sacrifice your career for your family?
Is it ethical to test cosmetics on animals?
Should euthanasia be legal?
Do you intervene when two strangers are fighting?
Would you trade your talent for someone else's happiness?
Is it morally acceptable to be lazy?
Should we prioritize saving endangered species over humans?
Do you share your lottery winnings with family?
Would you become a vegetarian if you saw how animals were raised?
Is it wrong to want to be remembered after death?
Should children be taught about death and mortality?
